Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to
explain an apocalyptic, drama, sci-fi,
and thriller film called "Right at Your Door."
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.
On a typical Monday morning in Los
Angeles, an unemployed musician named Brad
prepares coffee for his wife, Lexi, and
wakes her up to get her ready for work.
Before Lexi leaves the house, he warns her
that there's heavy traffic on route 101,
so he advises her to take the side streets.
As Brad brushes his teeth to start his day,
he hears some troubling news about
multiple explosions across the city.
As he learns more about the incident,
he begins to worry about his wife,
so he tries calling Lexi on her cellphone. After
failing to connect to a line, he decides to go out
and see what's happening on the streets. Although
their street appears to be quiet, he hears sirens
blaring not far from their house. He immediately
runs back home when he hears the phone ringing.
When he answers the call, his friend Steve
asks him if Lexi is in downtown, which has
been affected by the blasts. He hangs up to call
Lexi again, but he still couldn't contact her.
While trying to get reception on the T.V.,
he hears the reporter on the radio mention
plumes of smoke rising from the downtown
skyline, so he goes out to take a look.
By that time, a red alert has
been issued throughout the city.
Brad leaves Lexi a message, telling her
that he's going downtown to fetch her.
He asks her to give him a call to let him know
what route she's taking when she heads back home.
Brad tries heading downtown while listening
to the radio in his car. The reporter advises
people not to enter any disaster zones because
the streets need to be open for rescue vehicles.
A field reporter describes the chaotic
scene on the streets, noting that people
are screaming as they run around trying to
find their way out of the disaster zones.
Brad sees another car being blocked by the police,
so he backs away and tries to find another route.
As he tries to avoid another vehicle,
he accidentally drives into the curb,
blowing one of his front tires. He goes to a
hardware store and asks if they have a tire patch,
but the clerk tells him that the store
will close soon because the news advises
everyone to get off the streets. He
gets out of the store empty-handed,
but when he hears the news about toxic
chemicals spreading through the air,
he goes back to buy a few rolls of duct
tape. The store closes as soon as he leaves.
As Brad goes on his way, he witnesses the police
stopping a car, saying the occupant needs to be
quarantined due to contamination. A police officer
approaches Brad advising him to leave his window
up. When the officer tells Brad to go home, he
explains that he needs to fetch his wife downtown.
However, the cop tells Brad that all the streets
heading downtown have been shut. The police
officer warns him that the smoke is moving in
their direction and the ashes are poisonous.
Not long after, the driver of the other car gets
out and tries to leave on foot, but the police
shoot him. Brad decides to drive back, fearing
that the cops will also shoot him if he insists
on driving downtown. On his way back, he sees a
child watching the smoke rising to the sky. Brad
gets out of the car and tells the kid to go home,
warning him that something terrible has happened.
When he arrives home, he tries the phone
again, but he still can't get an open line.
A man suddenly barges into the house,
begging Brad to let him stay there.
The man, named Alvaro, explains that he
works next door but his boss is not home.
Alvaro can't go home because there are no more
buses on the road and he has no car of his own.
Alvaro turns on the radio while Brad tries to
contact his wife again. He tunes into a Spanish
radio station and tells Brad that they should seal
the house. Brad hesitates, knowing that Lexi is
still out there. He tells Alvaro that they're
not going to do anything until Lexi gets home.
After some time, Brad decides to seal the house
after not hearing anything from Lexi. Alvaro helps
him move the furniture and seal the doors and
windows with duct tape and plastic. Meanwhile,
riots have started to break out across the city
as the people try to leave the quarantine area.
Brad takes some blankets and bottles of water
outside the house for Lexi if she comes back.
As the ashes start to fall in their area, Alvaro
tells Brad that his wife is probably safe.
The news announces that authorities will
distribute antibiotics to houses within the
disaster zones soon. The report further advises
people to avoid contact with anyone who was
near the explosions. Soon, Brad receives
a call from Lexi's mother, Mrs. Fontana,
to ask them if they're doing alright. Brad
tells her that they're okay and they've sealed
the house. When Mrs. Fontana asks to speak to
Lexi, Brad hangs up to avoid explaining that
her daughter is still out there. Brad tells Alvaro
that he regrets not going out there for his wife.
Alvaro, however, asserts that Brad probably
would've been killed if he went out.
Brad breaks down and cries,
not knowing if Lexi is safe.
In Downtown L.A., Lexi had managed to survive
the explosions, but she appears to be affected
by the toxic ash. After a few hours, Brad
hears Lexi calling for him outside the house.
She asks him to open the door, but Brad
hesitates, with tears flowing from his eyes.
Lexi explains that the blast was about half a
block from her car. She discloses that she's
already having a hard time breathing. Brad
assures her that he'll get her to a hospital,
but he still won't open the door. Lexi starts
begging Brad to let her in, but he explains that
he can't open it because she's contaminated
with toxic chemicals. He points out that the
news advised people who were in the red zones
at the time of the blast to undergo quarantine.
Brad assures Lexi that she won't stay outside
for long. He tells Lexi to go to the back of
the house, so she walks over there and sees the
blankets and water bottles that Brad prepared
for her. She starts to wonder if Brad had
planned on locking her out of her own home.
Brad then reluctantly tells her that the
neighbor's handyman is inside the house with him.
Lexi is furious to hear that Brad won't let
her in, but he allowed a stranger to stay.
As Lexi cries in despair, Brad tells her
to calm down and wait for more information.
He assures Lexi that he'll stay with her right
behind the door. Meanwhile, the news reveals that
the toxic chemicals also contain an unknown
viral strain that is very lethal to humans.
Later that night, Brad explains that he left
the door open and waited for Lexi as long as
he could. When he decided to seal the house,
he hoped that Lexi was safe somewhere. The news
soon announces that those who were in the affected
areas should remain quarantined for several days.
Lexi gets impatient and breaks the door
with her cellphone. Brad quickly covers
the hole with a blanket and cuts his arm on
the glass. Lexi keeps trying to break in by
throwing a chair at the door. Alvaro runs over
and helps Brad reseal the door. He then claims
that the radio announced that a medical team
would stop by the neighborhood in the morning.
Lexi asks Brad if he wants to go on without her,
but Brad assures Lexi that he loves her and will
get some help for her. Brad tries calling 911,
but an automated message tells him that the
system is experiencing a high volume of calls.
Meanwhile, Alvaro tries calling
his wife, but no one answers.
When Lexi's phone rings, Brad looks at the caller
and finds out that it's her mother. He discloses
that her mother also called earlier, but he
hung up on her after telling her they're okay.
Brad goes to the bathroom and
washes his wound with bleach,
but he feels unsatisfied, so he decides to
pour the whole bottle all over his body.
The following day, Brad starts worrying when he
doesn't see Lexi outside as sirens blare on the
streets. Not far from the house, Lexi sees the
police detaining people, so she hides from them.
When she sees the cops load the person into
the back of a van, she runs back to the house.
Brad tells her not to let the cops see her
because he witnessed them shooting someone
when he went out to get her. Lexi is
somewhat pleased to hear that Brad
tried to fetch her. When she asks when the
doctors would arrive in the neighborhood,
Brad tells him that Alvaro had lied to keep them
both calm. Lexi asks Brad for her phone, so Brad
goes back inside to seal the doors to the bedroom.
When he's done, he tells Lexi to go inside.
Brad reveals that he was able to contact the
hotline, but they didn't tell him anything useful.
Lexi senses that Brad isn't telling her
everything, so she speculates that the
authorities must've told him some bad news.
Brad tells her that they should just talk,
adding that nobody is sure about what's happening.
Lexi, however, loses hope and breaks down crying.
When Lexi receives a call from her mother again,
she tells her mom that she's not feeling well
because she was near the explosions. Mrs.
Fontana urges her in a panicked voice to
get some help at a hospital, but Lexi points
out that she can't go anywhere because the
police are arresting everyone outside. As Mrs.
Fontana continues to press her to find help,
Lexi gets frustrated and tells
her that she's stressing her out.
Lexi is suddenly distracted from the call
when someone outside activates the car alarm.
When she sees that it's a child, Lexi
hangs up and tells the kid to come over.
Lexi takes the child named Timmy into
the bedroom and gives him some water.
When the landline starts ringing, Brad
refuses to answer, saying he doesn't
want to keep telling people that everything's
fine while they're going through a catastrophe.
He advises Alvaro to leave the house if
he has any problem with what he's doing.
Lexi tells Brad that she wants to give Timmy
a bath to wash off the ashes on his body.
Brad reveals that he also saw Timmy on the street
the previous day, and he told him to go home.
When Timmy asks why he can't go inside, Brad
explains that they're trying to keep the dust
out of the house. Timmy discloses that he wasn't
able to go home because he got scared of the bomb.
When Brad goes to the kitchen, Alvaro notifies
him that he's leaving the house. Brad tells
him that he didn't mean what he said earlier,
but Alvaro says he needs to be with his wife.
Alvaro has managed to contact his cousin, but
his cousin hasn't heard from Alvaro's wife.
Brad suggests calling his neighbor
to find out if his wife is there.
Alvaro advises Brad to stay with Lexi
and let her know that she's not alone.
He tells Brad that he'll exit the house through
the office, so Brad must seal the door to the
hallway. Alvaro asserts that he never should've
entered the house, but Brad points out that he
wouldn't have been able to seal up the
house in time if Alvaro wasn't there.
After sealing the door, Brad knocks
to let Alvaro know that he can leave.
Brad watches Alvaro as he goes on his way. Later
on, Brad seals up the hallway to the bathroom so
Lexi and Timmy could take a bath. Brad has started
to feel disdainful of the authorities handling the
catastrophe. He sarcastically tells Lexi that the
authorities called earlier to tell them that the
water is free from toxins and boys like Timmy are
immune from the chemicals. He quips that everyone
is immune to the toxins, and the disaster
is just a big public service announcement.
While getting ready to go to bed, Lexi hears a
noise outside the house. Brad gets a flashlight
and sees a man in the backyard, so he tells
Lexi to get away from the back of the house.
Lexi takes Timmy to the bathroom and goes back
to see what's happening. Soon, the man outside
starts knocking at the window and calls out to
Lexi. She realizes that it's her friend Rick,
so she opens the window. Rick tells Lexi that
he will find the children's hospital where the
authorities are setting up an airlock. He invites
Lexi to go with him, but she points out that the
authorities will soon distribute antibiotics
in the area. Rick is skeptical that help will
arrive in the neighborhood, so he points out that
there's a Navy medical ship docking off San Pedro.
Lexi tells Brad about the ship, but he
urges her not to go near Rick because he
could be in a worse condition than her.
Lexi points out that she's dying too,
so she goes back to talk to Rick, who tells
her that they only need to get on the right
side of the barricades at the hospital to
get treatment. When Lexi returns to Brad,
he apologizes to her, saying he should be the
one taking her to the hospital. Lexi tells him
that she'll also take Timmy along with her,
noting that it's their only chance to survive.
She promises Brad that she'll come
back to him after getting treatment.
That night, several soldiers arrive at the house
trying to find out if Brad is contaminated.
The man identifying himself as Corporal Marshall
asks Brad to stay inside the house until he goes
through a pre-screening process. When
Brad asks if they have any medicine,
the corporal tells him they're just gathering
data at the moment. When they learn that Lexi
broke a window, they ask Brad to gather
a toxin sample that got inside the house.
After giving them the sample, the corporal
urges him to keep his house sealed.
He advises Brad to avoid close contact with
his wife if she returns. They put a red tag
on the house but don't explain to Brad what
it means. When they inspect the bedroom,
Brad repeatedly tells them to get out of the house
since they're not providing him with any medicine.
Later, Lexi comes back to the house and
tells Brad that the authorities took
all the children in the crowd, including
Timmy, and gave them medicine. However,
the police took Rick and shoved him
into a van along with four other people,
so she started running. Brad tells Lexi that
soldiers stopped by the house earlier. Lexi is
alarmed upon seeing the red tag on their house,
surmising that it's probably a bad sign. Lexi
goes to the back of the house and recounts the
chaotic scene at the hospital. She doesn't think
that anyone is still coming to give them medicine
because the hospitals appear to be overwhelmed.
When Lexi hears a loud thud in the backyard,
she investigates with a flashlight and finds
out that birds are falling from the sky. Lexi
is unable to sleep, so she starts listening
to her voice messages to pass the time. When
she hears a message from her brother Jason,
she decides to give him a call. Jason
asks her if she went to get help,
but Lexi insists that there's nothing she can do
anymore. She tells him that she called because
she just wants to talk. Jason calms down
and starts talking about their old house.
Soon, Lexi starts feeling unwell, so she
tells Jason that she loves him and hangs up.
The following day, Brad tells Lexi that she did
something amazing by saving Timmy. She starts
apologizing to Brad, saying their fights in
the past few days seem stupid considering their
current situation. As they run out of things to
talk about, she suddenly tells Brad that she had
some doubts about getting married. Brad, on the
other hand, never once had any doubts about her.
Brad suggests talking about the children they
never had, but Lexi hints that she's glad they
didn't have kids because they probably
wouldn't be able to raise them right.
Brad surmises that they'll end up on a talk
show to explain how they managed to survive.
He will also have to confess how much he loves
Lexi and how she makes his life complete. When
Brad sees Lexi spitting out blood, he apologizes,
but Lexi tells him it's not anyone's fault.
Suddenly, two soldiers arrive at the
back of the house and take Lexi away.
As Brad yells at them, a soldier brandishing a
gun tells him to stay put. A few minutes later,
the soldier informs him that his wife is safe and
he did the right thing to keep her sealed outside.
The soldier reveals that the level of
toxicity in the house has become irreversible,
and it has become a breeding ground
for the poison. The soldier further
notifies him that he has become a lethal
carrier and there's nothing they can do.
The soldier tells him not to struggle as
they begin boarding up the entire house.
As Brad calls out to them to ask more questions,
they drill a hole through the door and inserts a
pipe. Not long, the pipe starts expelling an
unknown gas, causing Brad to cough profusely.
Brad tries unlocking the doors, yelling that he's
still in the house, but the soldiers keep boarding
up the doors and windows with plywood. Brad
manages to break through the plywood at the door,
but he finds out that the house is already covered
with a fumigation tent. He repeatedly tells them
that he's still alive, but they ignore him
and continue securing the tent. Lexi tries
to break free from the soldiers to help Brad,
but they hold her back and bring her to a van.
As Brad struggles to get out of the tent,
a soldier hits him with the butt of his
firearm to knock him down. Brad soon stops
struggling as he takes his last few breaths.
Moments later, a nurse tells Lexi that there's
nothing they could've done for Brad because
the virus inside the house has grown out of
control. Lexi stares into space in shock from
what happened to her husband. The nurse advises
Lexi to pray, saying she still might survive.